19/10/2025. I am trying, but not trying hard enough I guess, I quit playing the victim in my story and decided to hold my life by the steer and lead myself in a better direction, one I would be proud of, it's not been easy though I've fallen off the path numerous times, I've forgotten what exactly it was I was working for, or working towards, honestly I still don't know that's the sad part, I think I'm just fighting against poverty I guess cause what else does a man need if not food and shelter first right?...I'm gonna find a reason to continue this fight against a nature that was me, and I will win cause the new identity I'm building has no room for self pity, self doubt, my new identity is forgiving yet firm, my new self knows it's human to fail and failure is just a sign of progress, my new self grows daily. It won't be easy, then again what good thing is. Tomorrow I'm gonna understand tuples, lists and dictionaries and DSA. Then casually print helloworld in Django and understand the basics better this time. I'm gonna set the stage and start learning Chinese, meaning I'm gonna have to ditch French. We're reading bout it from chat first, watch 2 videos for each topic, answer an easy one from the AI then gradually level up to a leetcode question. For the Chinese you'll understand the work you have ahead of you. And plan accordingly.


20/10/2025...Today was like most days, started dull mostly because of the routine, I did what I could and practied tuples and lambda which wasn't in the original plan. Anyway I know  not supposed to be influenced by what my colleagues do as everyone has their on pace and all that but I can't help but feel like I'm being left behind in a sort of way, I did go through the django instructions I was struggling with earlier, it was a great relief that it worked.Ohh also went through simple conversation vocab words in Chinese, Tomorrow I'm gonna reinforce tuples then add sets and dictionaries, I'm gonna practice classes again and watch videos of mosh with django. If possible I'm gonna go through git syntax. Also it seem I still haven't found what motivates me, for today it was a reel on a developer at Google that got me pumped, I have to find what drives me to the laptop each day

21/10/2025 Today..., well I messed up today myself. Didn't work as much as yesterday. If anything I fell deeper into my worst instincts. And I'm pretty bumped I don't know what I'm gonna do I hate this slow feeling of gaining domain knowledge on one language only. I mean there are other languages I gotta learn, network architecture and stuff like that, then I try an apply for a big tech company, I say all this but deep down I don't actually believe myself, it's just sad

24/10/2025 Soo.. I skipped 2 days of writing, I'll try and remember what happened on 22, and 23,. It's a bot foggy but I think I again didn't really do anything special, I went through the mosh tutorial and completed more than half of part 1. I like the fact that despite the tiredness I kept pushing through. I think this week in general is the opposite of last week, no energy no enthusiasm just self destruction, for yesterday, I finished the part 1 of the Django tutorial and started the part 2, then realized I'm way behind as compared to others. But better late than never right?.. Anyway I say that some of my guys are deploying websites while I'm struggling to print hello world on the front page. Can you imagine that? For today, I think it was the best day out of the whole week, I managed to go through the coding tutorials with Mosh at least to a substantial area. And I completed all the activities on the checklist

25/10/2025 Worked all day till my legs hurt like hell, didn't really do anything learning wise after the work mostly watching movies. Anyway there was a clear opportunity to use the principles of "htwfaip" but I blew it, I'll have to really plan more so that I'll be able to use it more effectively
